suggested revisions to linear_solvers (#57)
searhein/trilinos-paper: linear_solvers.tex

These interfaces are required to use MueLu with the Teko block preconditioning package.
For more details on using MueLu with Teko, see the MueLu examples directory.

\subsection{Direct Linear Solvers: ShyLU and Amesos2}

> ShyLU~\cite{ShyLUCore2014} provides an implementation of three solvers: Basker, Tacho, and a distributed-memory solver based on the Schur completement method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ShyLU~\cite{ShyLUCore2014} provides an implementation of three solvers: Basker, Tacho, and a distributed-memory solver based on the Schur complement method.
```

The Teko library~\cite{Cyr2016a} provides interfaces for operators and preconditioners that are constructed from large physics-based sub-blocks.
The sub-blocks are Thyra operators which are themselves often implemented using Tpetra matrices.

> Teko provices generic block preconditioning strategies such as $2\times2$ Block-LU factorizations and the Jacobi and Gauss-Seidel strategies for blocks of any size,

Reviewer: The difference here is not the size of the individual blocks, but the number of block rows/cols in the matrix, e.g. 2x2 vs. 3x3 vs. 4x4.
```suggestion
Teko provides generic block preconditioning strategies such as $2\times2$ Block-LU factorizations and the Jacobi and Gauss-Seidel strategies for any number of blocks,
```
